•	What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?
The main problem addressed in this course was to develop and compare different sorting structures, including Vector Sorting, Hash Tables and Binary Trees. These were used to sort out class courses with consideration to any prerequisites present. The structure also needed to be able to print course information for the user.
•	How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand.
The main approach I took was comparing how long it takes to generate results from the list. While also considering the current size and potential growth of the list. In honesty, I should have focused a bit more on the data structures complexity but as long as the data was modifiable and in order, I didn’t care much about complexity. 
•	How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?
The largest issue I had was working out the class system. My entire time taking SNHU courses, I have struggled with the class concepts. While I have a general understanding of how the class systems work, I struggle with the building pathways components and specific software formatting. This can be overcome by continuing to use and learn the coding software environments until I become more familiar with them. 
•	How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?
This project assisted with showing a larger picture of the real-world applications of different list structures. It also introduced a deeper level of thought as far as the planning process and showed that when coding, there is more than one way to go about doing it. While I already understood that I didn’t put much thought into the fact that several structures exist for different tasks and that each structure has its own pros and cons which need to be weighed out prior to starting the development process.
•	How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?

The work from this project assisted in expanding the way I go about writing programs by changing the planning process entirely. Additionally, I learned that including modules is a great way of reducing errors within the code, at least from my experience. I didn’t always realize that certain lines of code were utilizing modules not already included in the code structure. It also helped me to fine-tune my comment lines and taught me some new coding components that I wasn’t previously aware of.
